hello youtubers I thought I would kill
two birds with one stone
oh yes I it has been requested that
ideal white balance test basically I'm
going to try and do this the best I can
I've got the sun shining on the white
piece of paper in front of me what I'm
going to do is take some video of this
white piece of paper I will get in
closer in a minute and then I'll also
take some stills to see how these ed x5
and there's Alex Reid fares and then the
next part of the test will be to go out
the front and test out the zx3
and the zelich's 5s video and sound when
I record the planes coming over because
we live under the flight path which is
lovely okay so here we have a white
piece of paper and that's it over the
white piece of paper bring it out to
contrast with the green and then again
zoom right in so there you go
so I shall now take some stills and then
go outside
you
so here we are at the front said X 3 and
X 5 all the planes have gone for some
reason normally they come over every
sort of half hour well every minute
actually but for some reason they're not
there
it is quite noisy as you can hear there
we go
so that's I'm doing WVGA thought I'd do
a WVGA test during the day and
aeroplanes just gone over it wasn't very
loud one though maybe when more planes
come over I'll come and do it again so
there you go that's the sound and
airplane test don't know if you can see
that over there but there's one there
okey-dokey